What public collection period?
Although Mr. Gu and Mrs. Gu have no feelings
But this public break is a bit too much
Yeah, it's really public.
How can Mrs. Gu stay in the poor city in the future?
Beichen, are you sure you want to retire Lin Jingjun in public?
Have you thought clearly about the consequences of this matter?
Song Silie, all this is his Lin Jing once
What are the consequences for him to know my fault?
Gu Beichen, tell me what's wrong
You, Gu Beichen, want to be your deputy city lord
I use my ancestral bracelet
To exchange the necklace beloved by the mayor's daughter
Help you maintain your relationship with the city lord
And this bitch you love is arrogant and domineering
He stole the necklace from the mayor's daughter
Even hit him
The city lord was angry
I just cancelled your position as Deputy City Lord
You tell me where I went wrong
What!
This concubine of the Gu family is too ignorant
He even slapped the city lord in the face arrogantly
This is just courting death
Such a bitch
Gu Beichen also regarded him as a treasure
I don't know what this brain is thinking
If it were me
This bitch should be in the pigsty
Please don't listen to his nonsense
This is what he set me up
I'll set you up
In the Gu family, you stole my jewelry.
I set you up
Steal my necklace outside
It's also the trap I set for you.
Gu Beichen
I hate you the most in my life
A man who spoils his wife
Bah
So fucking disgusting
So what if I was?
This issue today
I revised it.